Add FOTA support for nRF52840 (#30)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/adding_clusters.rst

You can further expand the application with more features.

.. _ug_zigee_adding_clusters_ota:

Adding OTA
==========

> To extend the sample with OTA support, we would have to complete steps similar to :ref:`adding On/Off Switch and Temperature Sensor functionalities <ug_zigee_adding_clusters_adding_clusters>`.
> Then, we would have to implement the ZCL device callback to control the process of collecting chunks of new firmware.
> This is described more broadly in the following sections.
> 
> Fortunately, we can use the :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota` library to handle the majority of these implementation steps.
> To add OTA support to the extended application, follow the steps in :ref:`ug_zigbee_configuring_components_ota`.

Reviewer: I know the content hasn't been changed but this doesn't sound too great, so maybe we could use this change to improve it a bit

```suggestion
To extend the sample with OTA support, you must complete steps similar to :ref:`adding On/Off Switch and Temperature Sensor functionalities <ug_zigee_adding_clusters_adding_clusters>`.
Then, you need to implement the ZCL device callback to control the process of collecting chunks of new firmware.
For details, see the following sections.

You can simplify this process by using the :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota` library, which covers most of the implementation steps.
To integrate OTA support into your extended application, follow the steps in the :ref:`ug_zigbee_configuring_components_ota` page.
```
